It is highly recommended that you read all sections of this Free License Agreement for End-user. It contains information on what you can and cannot do with the Software along with how our support services operate. Many questions are answered in the body of this document, please read it carefully. 

PRICING
Unlimited Free Version: $0.00 (no cost) 
You may use the Software for an unlimited period at no cost. This free version has limited free support by posting on our forums and you must pay full price for plug-in feature enhancements and services. Free technical support service is limited and we cannot guarantee free technical support will always be available or that you will receive timely responses to free support questions. 


LICENSE
DUWARE.COM grants you a non-exclusive license to use the Software if you follow all restrictions in all sections of this Agreement. 

SCOPE OF GRANT

You may not: 
- remove Powered By DUware link at the bottom of the application
- permit other individuals to use the Software except under the terms listed above 
- reverse engineer, disassemble, or create derivative works based on the Software for distribution or usage outside your web site excluding those applications described above 
- use the Software in such as way as to condone or encourage terrorism, promote or provide pirated Software, or any other form of illegal or damaging activity 
- modify and/or remove any copyright notices or labels on the Software on each page (unless full license is purchase) and in the header of each script source file 
- distribute the Software 
- distribute individual copies of files, libraries, or other programming material in the Software package 
distribute or modify proprietary graphics, HTML, or CSS packaged with the Software for use in Software applications other than DUWARE products or web sites without written permission from DUWARE.COM

You may: 
- customise the Software's design and operation to suit the internal needs of your web site 
- produce and distribute modification instructions, Themes, or Language packs provided that they contain notification that the Theme and Language packs were exported from and originally created by DUWARE.COM. The modifications instructions you personally create are not owned by DUWARE.COM so long as they contain no proprietary coding from DUWARE products. 
- create applications which interface with the operation of the Software provided said application is an original work


DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
The Software is provided on an "AS IS" basis, without warranty of any kind, including without limitation the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Software is borne by you. Should the Software prove defective, you and not DUWARE.COM assume the entire cost of any service and repair. In addition, the security mechanisms implemented by DUWARE.COM Software have inherent limitations, and you must determine that the Software sufficiently meets your requirements. This disclaimer of warranty constitutes an essential part of the agreement. 

TITLE
Title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in the Software shall remain with DUWARE.COM. The Software is protected by copyright laws and treaties. Title and related rights in the content generated through the Software is the property of the applicable content owner and may be protected by applicable law. This License gives DUWARE.COM no rights to such content. 

TERMINATION
This Agreement will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with the limitations described herein. On termination, you must destroy all copies of the Software within 48 hours. 

MISCELLANEOUS
DUWARE.COM reserves the right to publish a selected list of users of the Software. DUWARE.COM reserves the right to change the terms of this Agreement at any time however those changes are not retroactive to past releases. Changes to the Agreement will be announced via email using the DUWARE.COM email notification list. Failure to receive notification of a change does not make those changes invalid. 

Theme and Language packs are defined as the group of code, text, and graphics that are exported from the Software using the provided functions of the Software Administration Control Panel. 

Technical support will not be provided for third-party modifications to the Software including modifications to code, Theme and Language packs to any license holder. If the Software is modified using a third-party modification instruction or otherwise, technical support may be refused to any license holder. 

PROPRIETARY LABELS
Authorization to remove output of copyright notices can be obtained from DUWARE.COM for a one time fee of $49. This fee authorises you to remove the output of copyright notices: it does not give you authorisation to remove any copyright notices in the program source files nor any other rights. 

MANUFACTURER
DUWARE.COM, Dallas Texas 75243.
For questions, email support@duware.com
